feat: add page for new web vitals performance issues (#15693)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/performance-issues/web-vitals/index.mdx

---
title: Web Vitals
sidebar_order: 30
description: Learn more about Web Vitals issues and how to diagnose and fix them.
og_image: >-
  /og-images/product-issues-issue-details-performance-issues-web-vitals.png
---

Web Vitals issues are created for the highest opportunity pages in a project when
their vitals scores fall into the [`Meh`](/product/insights/frontend/web-vitals/#performance-score) or [`Poor`](/product/insights/frontend/web-vitals/#performance-score) threshold for an extended period of time.

## Detection Criteria

<Alert>

This issue is currently only available for browser SDKs.

</Alert>

> The detector for this performance issue runs on a schedule and checks the 7 day p75 (75th percentile) Web Vitals scores for the top 5 [highest opportunity](/product/insights/frontend/web-vitals/#opportunity) pages on your website (_the pages that are both high traffic, and have issues worth fixing_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The detector for this performance issue runs on a schedule and checks the 7 day average Web Vitals scores for the top 5 [highest opportunity](/product/insights/frontend/web-vitals/#opportunity) pages on your website (_the pages that are both high traffic, and have issues worth fixing_).
```
We judge the scores based off averages. We use the p75 sample as the trace sample that gets fed to the issue/seer.

The following additional criteria must hold true:

> - You must have [Seer](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/) enabled on your Sentry account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must have [Seer](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/) enabled on your Sentry account.
- You must have a [Github code mapping](/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/) configured for your project.
```
A code mapping is also required for the issue to be created

- There must be at least `10` sample spans for the given vital (_this value is [configurable](/product/issues/issue-details/performance-issues/#configuration)_).
- There must be no issues currently open for the same Web Vitals metrics.

## Span Evidence

You can view the [Web Vitals Insights](/product/insights/frontend/web-vitals/) dashboard
to get an understanding of what pages will trigger the Web Vitals performance issue:

> * A _loading / render performance issue_ will be opened, if `TTFB`, `LCP`, or `FCP` falls below the `Meh` threshold.

Author: I've expanded the acronyms and  also linked to resources.

* A _page stability issue_ will be opened, if [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://web.dev/articles/cls#what-is-cls) (CLS) falls below the `Meh` threshold.

> * An _interaction performance issue_ will be opened, if [Interaction to Next Paint](https://web.dev/articles/inp#what-is-inp) (INP) falls below the `Meh` threshold.

Reviewer: I think these descriptions are good! The only thing I might change is the wording around the threshold. Technically we open if scores fall below the `Good` threshold, ie score of 90. `falls below the `Meh` threshold` sounds like it excludes `Meh` scores, in my opinion
